array: a homogeneous sequence of elements stored in contiguous memory; a data structure.

array initialization: defining an array and giving it a set of initial values.

copy assignment: The copy assignment operator is a non-template non-static member function with the name operator= that can be called with an argument of the same
                 class type and copies the content(rhs) of the argument without mutating the argument. By default copy assignment performs memberwise copying.
    - memberwise copy: copying a class object by copying each of its members in turn, using proper copy constructors or copy assignments. That's the default meaning of copy.

copy constructor: A copy constructor is a constructor which can be called with an argument of the same class type and copies the content of the argument without mutating the argument. Used for initialization.
                  Default behavior is memberwise initialization (pointer semantics).

deep copy: copies what a pointer points to so that the two pointers now refer to distinct objects. That’s what vectors,
           strings, etc. do. We define copy constructors and copy assignments when we want deep copy for objects of our classes (value semantics (they copy the values pointed to)).

default constructor: a special non-static member function with the same name as the class and one that takes no arguments (cannot be overloaded). The default constructor is called to default
                     initialize the object of a class type by giving it a default value.

esstentials operations: Deciding which constructors a class should have, whether it should have a destructor, and whether you need to provide copy and move operations.
                        There are seven essential operations to consider:

    • Constructors from one or more arguments
    • Default constructor
    • Copy constructor (copy object of same type)
    • Copy assignment (copy object of same type)
    • Move constructor (move object of same type)
    • Move assignment (move object of same type)
    • Destructor

explicit constructor: keyword used to define a constructor so that it isn't used for implicit conversions. Cannot be used for implicit conversions and copy-initialization.

move assignment: like the copy assignment, but the argument is an r-value reference (&&) that transfers (steals) the contents of the right-hand side to the object of the same type on the left-hand side. Setting the rhs
                 object in a "moved-from" state that usually has a well-defined state.

move constructor: like the copy constructor but instead transfers (steals) the contents of the right-hand side object, setting it to a moved-from" state.

palindrome: a word or phrase that reads the same forward and backwards.

shallow copy: copies only a pointer so that the two pointers now refer to the same object. That’s what pointers and references do. Shallow copying occurs when the default copy constructor/assignment
              is used (memberwise copy/initialization). Also known as pointer semantics (they copy addresses).
